The human capital component of data science is
critical to delivering on a data science strategy.
Though universities are now launching data science programs,
the large demand for data scientist well
outstrips the supply of graduates from such programs.
Who then do we recruit,
hire, and train for our data science organization?
How is that organization structured in order to deliver value to our business?
How do our data scientist carry out their work in a structured manner?
How do we leverage data and data science to
foster a data-driven culture throughout the business.
These are all questions addressed in this lesson.